# ITP-116_Final_Project
## Final project for ITP-116: Accelerated Programming in Python
#### Project Proposal:
This project will involve the creation of a movie tracker, which will allow users to add movies they want to watch, keep track of movies they have already watched, and look for new movies to watch. Additionally, the users will be able to leave notes on and view information about movies such as their directors, runtime, genres, etc. The project will use an SQL database and will be able to grab data from IMDb in order to improve the user’s quality of life and ease of use of the program. Users will be able to search for movies by title, genre, director, and year.

The user will be able to interact with the program through a command line interface. Through this, they will be presented with a menu containing the various options available. Some of the menu options may contain submenus, and they will run in a loop until the user chooses the exit option. Options should include adding movies, removing movies, marking a movie as watched, viewing information about a certain movie, viewing all the movies currently in the database, searching for a movie, and exiting the program. Because an SQL database is used, the program will automatically commit changes to the database file and keep track of the movies even after the program is closed. IMDb can also be leveraged to grab movie poster art for the user as well as movie ratings and votes. All such information will be visible in a “View movie info” option or similar.
